src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/base/BaseTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/base/BaseTest.java:37:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/base/BaseTest.java:37:	This abstract class does not have any abstract methods
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/base/BaseTest.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like exchangeServiceBaseMock
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/base/BaseTest.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like exchangeServiceMock
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/base/BaseTest.java:55:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/base/BaseTest.java:59:	Parameter 'httpWebResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/base/BaseTest.java:59:	Parameter 'webException' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/base/BaseTest.java:59:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/base/BaseTest.java:60:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:58:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:63:	Avoid excessively long variable names like autodiscoverService
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:63:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:68:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:73:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:90:	Non-static initializers are confusing
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:91:	Local variable 'exchangeVersion' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:104:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like autodiscoverService
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:114:	You may have misspelled a JUnit framework method (setUp or tearDown)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:126:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:132:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getUserSettingsRequest
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:136:	Avoid excessively long variable names like byteArrayOutputStream
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:160:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:165:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getUserSettingsRequest
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:165:	Local variable 'getUserSettingsRequest' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:169:	Avoid excessively long variable names like byteArrayOutputStream
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:169:	Local variable 'byteArrayOutputStream' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:181:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:185:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:190:	Avoid excessively long variable names like getUserSettingsRequest
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:190:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'getUserSettingsRequest'.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:190:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'getUserSettingsRequest' (lines '190'-'192').
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/autodiscover/request/GetUserSettingsRequestTest.java:190:	Local variable 'getUserSettingsRequest' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:24:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:84:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:84:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:84:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:95:	Do not hard code the IP address 
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:99:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:99:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:120:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:125:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:131:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:136:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:141:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:142:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:147:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:147:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:159:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:159:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:171:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:171:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:180:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:180:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:182:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:185:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:188:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:192:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:192:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:194:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:200:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:204:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:204:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:206:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:206:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:209:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:212:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:216:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:216:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:218:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:221:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:224:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:228:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:229:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:230:	Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:235:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:236:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:243:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:244:	Avoid variables with short names like d
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:244:	Local variable 'd' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:245:	Local variable 'entryKind' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:246:	Local variable 'logEntry' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:248:	Avoid variables with short names like df
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:248:	Local variable 'df' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:248:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsUtilitiesTest.java:250:	Local variable 'formattedString' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:43:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:43:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:45:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:46:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:47:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:48:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:68:	Local variable 'nextEvent' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:71:	Local variable 'endEvent' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:90:	Local variable 'nextEvent' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:93:	Local variable 'endEvent' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/EwsXmlReaderTest.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/ExchangeServiceTest.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.net.URI'
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/ExchangeServiceTest.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Test'
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/ExchangeServiceTest.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.runner.RunWith'
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/ExchangeServiceTest.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.runners.JUnit4'
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/ExchangeServiceTest.java:22:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/ExchangeServiceTest.java:22:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/ExchangeServiceTest.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/ExchangeServiceTest.java:24:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/ExchangeServiceTest.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/ExchangeServiceTest.java:33:	Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/ExchangeServiceTest.java:34:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.net.URI' due to existing import 'java.net.URI'
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/ExchangeServiceTest.java:35:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/ExchangeServiceTest.java:35:	Local variable 'credentials' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/ExchangeServiceTest.java:54:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:41:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:41:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:43:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:45:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:67:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:71:	Avoid excessively long variable names like runnableUsingSingleton
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:71:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'runnableUsingSingleton' (lines '71'-'94').
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:71:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'runnableUsingSingleton' (lines '71'-'94').
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:71:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:71:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/LazyMemberTest.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/PropertyBagTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/PropertyBagTest.java:47:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/PropertyBagTest.java:47:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/PropertyBagTest.java:67:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/PropertyBagTest.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like pb
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/PropertyBagTest.java:68:	Local variable 'pb' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/PropertyBagTest.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/PropertyBagTest.java:73:	Avoid variables with short names like pb
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/PropertyBagTest.java:73:	Local variable 'pb' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/PropertyBagTest.java:77:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:44:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:49:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:57:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:57:	You may have misspelled a JUnit framework method (setUp or tearDown)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:77:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:78:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:81:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:82:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:83:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:92:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:93:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:96:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:97:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:98:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:151:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:153:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:156:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:157:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:158:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:163:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:163:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:167:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:168:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/core/service/items/TaskTest.java:169:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/credential/WSSecurityBasedCredentialsTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/credential/WSSecurityBasedCredentialsTest.java:24:	Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/credential/WSSecurityBasedCredentialsTest.java:49:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/credential/WSSecurityBasedCredentialsTest.java:49:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/credential/WSSecurityBasedCredentialsTest.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/credential/WSSecurityBasedCredentialsTest.java:53:	Avoid excessively long variable names like wsSecurityBasedCredentials
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/credential/WSSecurityBasedCredentialsTest.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/credential/WSSecurityBasedCredentialsTest.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/credential/WSSecurityBasedCredentialsTest.java:54:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'xmlStreamWriter'
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/credential/WSSecurityBasedCredentialsTest.java:54:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/credential/WSSecurityBasedCredentialsTest.java:54:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/credential/WSSecurityBasedCredentialsTest.java:55:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'stringWriter'
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/credential/WSSecurityBasedCredentialsTest.java:55:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/credential/WSSecurityBasedCredentialsTest.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/credential/WSSecurityBasedCredentialsTest.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/credential/WSSecurityBasedCredentialsTest.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/credential/WSSecurityBasedCredentialsTest.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/credential/WSSecurityBasedCredentialsTest.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/InvalidOrUnsupportedTimeZoneDefinitionExceptionTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/InvalidOrUnsupportedTimeZoneDefinitionExceptionTest.java:36:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/InvalidOrUnsupportedTimeZoneDefinitionExceptionTest.java:36:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/InvalidOrUnsupportedTimeZoneDefinitionExceptionTest.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/InvalidOrUnsupportedTimeZoneDefinitionExceptionTest.java:38:	This final field could be made static
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/InvalidOrUnsupportedTimeZoneDefinitionExceptionTest.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/InvalidOrUnsupportedTimeZoneDefinitionExceptionTest.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/InvalidOrUnsupportedTimeZoneDefinitionExceptionTest.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/InvalidOrUnsupportedTimeZoneDefinitionExceptionTest.java:42:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/InvalidOrUnsupportedTimeZoneDefinitionExceptionTest.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/InvalidOrUnsupportedTimeZoneDefinitionExceptionTest.java:43:	Local variable 'impl' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/InvalidOrUnsupportedTimeZoneDefinitionExceptionTest.java:50:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/InvalidOrUnsupportedTimeZoneDefinitionExceptionTest.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/InvalidOrUnsupportedTimeZoneDefinitionExceptionTest.java:51:	Local variable 'impl' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/InvalidOrUnsupportedTimeZoneDefinitionExceptionTest.java:58:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/InvalidOrUnsupportedTimeZoneDefinitionExceptionTest.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/InvalidOrUnsupportedTimeZoneDefinitionExceptionTest.java:59:	Local variable 'impl' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/MaximumRedirectionHopsExceededExceptionTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/MaximumRedirectionHopsExceededExceptionTest.java:36:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/MaximumRedirectionHopsExceededExceptionTest.java:36:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/MaximumRedirectionHopsExceededExceptionTest.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/MaximumRedirectionHopsExceededExceptionTest.java:38:	This final field could be made static
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/MaximumRedirectionHopsExceededExceptionTest.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/MaximumRedirectionHopsExceededExceptionTest.java:39:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/MaximumRedirectionHopsExceededExceptionTest.java:39:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/MaximumRedirectionHopsExceededExceptionTest.java:42:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/MaximumRedirectionHopsExceededExceptionTest.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/MaximumRedirectionHopsExceededExceptionTest.java:44:	Local variable 'impl' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/MaximumRedirectionHopsExceededExceptionTest.java:49:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/MaximumRedirectionHopsExceededExceptionTest.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/MaximumRedirectionHopsExceededExceptionTest.java:51:	Local variable 'impl' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/MaximumRedirectionHopsExceededExceptionTest.java:56:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/MaximumRedirectionHopsExceededExceptionTest.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/exception/MaximumRedirectionHopsExceededExceptionTest.java:58:	Local variable 'impl' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:38:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:38:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:42:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:50:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:59:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:66:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:69:	A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:77:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:78:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:85:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:90:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:91:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:98:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:99:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/IFunctionsTest.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/TimeSpanTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/TimeSpanTest.java:38:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/TimeSpanTest.java:44:	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/TimeSpanTest.java:45:	Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/TimeSpanTest.java:55:	Parameter 'timeSpan' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/TimeSpanTest.java:56:	Local variable 'offsetStr' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/TimeSpanTest.java:56:	Useless parentheses.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/TimeSpanTest.java:56:	Useless parentheses.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/TimeSpanTest.java:57:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.mockito.Mockito.never'
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:6:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.mockito.Mockito.verify'
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:10:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.time.LocalDate'
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'microsoft.exchange.webservices.data.core.XmlAttributeNames'
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:18:	Avoid unused imports such as 'microsoft.exchange.webservices.data.core.enumeration.property.BodyType'
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:33:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:35:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:37:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:38:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:43:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:44:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:44:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:55:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:62:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:69:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/misc/availability/TimeWindowTest.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/EmailAddressTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/EmailAddressTest.java:32:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/EmailAddressTest.java:32:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/EmailAddressTest.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/EmailAddressTest.java:36:	Local variable 'address' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/ExtendedPropertyCollectionTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/ExtendedPropertyCollectionTest.java:49:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/ExtendedPropertyCollectionTest.java:49:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/ExtendedPropertyCollectionTest.java:68:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/ExtendedPropertyCollectionTest.java:69:	Local variable 'epc' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/ExtendedPropertyCollectionTest.java:70:	Local variable 'cls' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/ExtendedPropertyCollectionTest.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like propertyDefinition
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/ExtendedPropertyCollectionTest.java:72:	Local variable 'propertyDefinition' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/ExtendedPropertyCollectionTest.java:74:	Local variable 'propertyValueOut' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/ExtendedPropertyCollectionTest.java:75:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/ExtendedPropertyCollectionTest.java:85:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/ExtendedPropertyCollectionTest.java:86:	Local variable 'epc' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/ExtendedPropertyCollectionTest.java:87:	Local variable 'cls' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/ExtendedPropertyCollectionTest.java:88:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/ExtendedPropertyCollectionTest.java:88:	Local variable 'testValue' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/ExtendedPropertyCollectionTest.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like propertyDefinition
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/ExtendedPropertyCollectionTest.java:89:	Local variable 'propertyDefinition' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/ExtendedPropertyCollectionTest.java:92:	Local variable 'propertyValueOut' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/ExtendedPropertyCollectionTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/ExtendedPropertyCollectionTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/OlsonTimeZoneTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/OlsonTimeZoneTest.java:35:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/OlsonTimeZoneTest.java:35:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/OlsonTimeZoneTest.java:38:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'timeZoneId' (lines '38'-'41').
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/OlsonTimeZoneTest.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/OlsonTimeZoneTest.java:40:	Local variable 'timeZoneId' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/OlsonTimeZoneTest.java:42:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/OlsonTimeZoneTest.java:43:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:41:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:41:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:43:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:45:	This final field could be made static
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:45:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:47:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:49:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:49:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:50:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:64:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:83:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:89:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:89:	Parameter 'myText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UniqueBodyTest.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:43:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like userConfigurationDictionary
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:51:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:51:	You may have misspelled a JUnit framework method (setUp or tearDown)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:72:	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:81:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:83:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:84:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:85:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:88:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'testByteArray2' (lines '91'-'93').
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:92:	System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:93:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'testByteArray2' (lines '93'-'93').
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:98:	The String literal "someString" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 98
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:103:	The String literal "someLong" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 103
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:108:	The String literal "someInteger" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 108
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:113:	The String literal "someString[]" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 113
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:118:	The String literal "someDate" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 118
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:123:	The String literal "someBoolean" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 123
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:128:	The String literal "someByte" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 128
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:133:	The String literal "someByte[]" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 133
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:138:	The String literal "someByte2[]" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 138
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:149:	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:151:	Local variable 'output' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/complex/UserConfigurationDictionaryTest.java:152:	Local variable 'testWriter' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/definition/ByteArrayPropertyDefinitionTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/definition/ByteArrayPropertyDefinitionTest.java:40:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/definition/ByteArrayPropertyDefinitionTest.java:40:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/definition/ByteArrayPropertyDefinitionTest.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/definition/ByteArrayPropertyDefinitionTest.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/definition/ByteArrayPropertyDefinitionTest.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/definition/ByteArrayPropertyDefinitionTest.java:45:	Avoid excessively long variable names like BASE64_ENCODEDSTRING
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/definition/ByteArrayPropertyDefinitionTest.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/definition/ByteArrayPropertyDefinitionTest.java:63:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/property/definition/ByteArrayPropertyDefinitionTest.java:64:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:24:	Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:41:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:41:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:44:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:44:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:45:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:46:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:46:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:46:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:48:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:48:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:49:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:49:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:51:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:59:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:70:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:91:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:99:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:99:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:107:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/sync/ChangeCollectionTest.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:12:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Test'
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:13:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.runner.RunWith'
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.runners.Parameterized'
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.runners.Parameterized.Parameters'
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:18:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:20:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:21:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:22:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:26:	Local variable 'data' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:27:	The String literal "2015-01-08T10:11:12Z" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 27
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:34:	The String literal "9999-12-30T23:59:59.9999999Z" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 34
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:53:	Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:53:	Parameter 'expected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:53:	Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:60:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:61:	Local variable 'parsed' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsParameterizedTest.java:62:	Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:39:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:39:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:39:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:44:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:50:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:51:	Local variable 'dateString' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:52:	Local variable 'parsed' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:53:	Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:53:	The String literal "UTC" appears 14 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 53
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:64:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:65:	Local variable 'dateString' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:66:	Local variable 'parsed' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:67:	Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:78:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:79:	Local variable 'dateString' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:80:	Local variable 'parsed' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:81:	Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:92:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:92:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:93:	Local variable 'dateString' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:94:	Local variable 'parsed' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:95:	Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:106:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:106:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:107:	Local variable 'dateString' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:108:	Local variable 'parsed' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:109:	Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:120:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:120:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:121:	Local variable 'dateString' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:122:	Local variable 'parsed' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:123:	Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:134:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:134:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:135:	Local variable 'dateString' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:136:	Local variable 'parsed' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:137:	Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:148:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:148:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:149:	Local variable 'dateString' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:150:	Local variable 'parsed' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:151:	Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:159:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:159:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:160:	Local variable 'dateString' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:161:	Local variable 'parsed' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:162:	Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:174:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:174:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:180:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:180:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:181:	Local variable 'dateString' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:182:	Local variable 'parsed' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:183:	Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:194:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:194:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:195:	Local variable 'dateString' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:196:	Local variable 'parsed' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:197:	Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:208:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:208:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:209:	Local variable 'dateString' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:210:	Local variable 'parsed' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:211:	Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:222:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:222:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:223:	Local variable 'dateString' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:224:	Local variable 'parsed' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:225:	Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:236:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:236:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:237:	Local variable 'dateString' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:238:	Local variable 'parsed' could be declared final
src/test/java/microsoft/exchange/webservices/data/util/DateTimeUtilsTest.java:239:	Local variable 'calendar' could be declared final
